[Joy] Add articles about customization approaches (#32887)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/customization/theme-global-variants/theme-global-variants.md

# Global variant tokens

<p class="description">Learn how to customize the global variant tokens.</p>

## Prerequisite

- Read the [global variant concept](/joy-ui/core-features/global-variant/) page.
- Read the [theme tokens](/joy-ui/customization/theme-tokens/) page.
- (optional) Completed [the tutorial](/joy-ui/getting-started/tutorial/).

## How it works

Joy has four built-in global variants, `plain` `outlined` `soft` and `solid`. The styles generated for each variant comes from the global variant tokens inside the theme palette.

> The tokens are composed of three things:

Reviewer: Probably using something like this is more descriptive:

`[variant][state][CSS property]`

          plainActiveBg: 'valid CSS color',
          // ...other variant tokens
        },
        neutral: {
          plainColor: 'valid CSS color',
          plainHoverBg: 'valid CSS color',
          plainActiveBg: 'valid CSS color',
          // ...other variant tokens
        },
        danger: {
          plainColor: 'valid CSS color',
          plainHoverBg: 'valid CSS color',
          plainActiveBg: 'valid CSS color',
          // ...other variant tokens
        },
        info: {
          plainColor: 'valid CSS color',
          plainHoverBg: 'valid CSS color',
          plainActiveBg: 'valid CSS color',
          // ...other variant tokens
        },
        success: {
          plainColor: 'valid CSS color',
          plainHoverBg: 'valid CSS color',
          plainActiveBg: 'valid CSS color',
          // ...other variant tokens
        },
        warning: {
          plainColor: 'valid CSS color',
          plainHoverBg: 'valid CSS color',
          plainActiveBg: 'valid CSS color',
          // ...other variant tokens
        },
      }
    },
    dark: {
      // ...same structure with different values
    }
  }
}
```

## Override default tokens

> We recommend to use button as a starting point to customize the global variants because it tends to have the most variants with interaction compare to other components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to use button as a starting point to customize the global variants because it tends to have the most variants with interaction compared to other components.
```

> Let's theme Joy buttons to look like [twitter bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.2/components/buttons/#examples):

Reviewer: Using `theme` as a verb sounds strange to me (probably is just me). But I would rephrase this to:

```suggestion
Let's style the Joy buttons to look like [twitter bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.2/components/buttons/#examples):
```
